Rins wins the British MotoGP at Silverstone by 0.013s after a thrilling last-turn pass on Marquez.

The Suzuki rider spent most of the race shadowing Marquez, only briefly taking the lead until he cut under the Honda rider at the last possible moment,  through the fast Woodcote corner. Vinales completed the podium after steadily edging closer to the leading duo, but running out of laps.

It was the second time in as many races that Marquez has been beaten at the final corner, after Dovizioso in Austria.


But the Ducati rider didn't get beyond turn one after a scary incident saw rookie star Quartararo highside, with his fallen bike then wiping out Dovizioso, Marquez nearest title rival. The Italian, whose bike burst into flames after being launched into the air, was initially taken away on a stretcher before eventually standing up.

Zarco collided with fellow KTM rider Oliveira while trying to pass, taking them both out.


Silverstone was resurfaced following last year's rain cancellation, with four different front and rear tyre compounds to choose from this weekend. Lorenzo was making his return from back fractures at Assen, with Mir still absent after lung damage in the Brno test and replaced by Suzuki test rider Guintoli.

Mir aims to return at this week's Misano test. Dovizioso wins the Austrian MotoGP after a brilliant last-corner pass on Marquez!


The pair swapped the lead repeatedly over the closing laps and Marquez looked set to finally break Ducati's Red Bull Ring dominance, only for the Italian to launch a perfect block-pass at the very final opportunity for arguably his greatest victory to date.


Rookie Quartararo took the early lead when Marquez and Dovizioso ran wide after a braking duel on the opening lap. The Petronas Yamaha rider then outshone the factory M1s of Rossi and Vinales fair-and-square to complete the podium.


Miller fell from the lead group while Espargaro's KTM appeared to cut out at the apex of Turn 3, Crutchlow falling in the chain reaction that followed.

Joan Mir withdrew from the event to continue his recovery from Monday's post-race fall at the Brno test. Jorge Lorenzo was again absent after fractures to his vertebrae at Assen and replaced by HRC test and wild-card rider Bradl.


Both Mir and Lorenzo aim to be back for the next round at Silverstone. Marquez wins a delayed Czech Republic MotoGP at Brno, his sixth victory of the season and 50th in the premier-class.

A surprise rain shower an hour before the start left the final corner, home straight and first turn soaking wet, but the rest of the circuit bone dry. The outcome was to postpone the start by 35mins.

Damp patches remained when the race got underway, on slicks, with Marquez, Dovizioso, Rins and Miller soon forming a breakaway lead group.


Marquez put the hammer down with 9 laps to go, pulling clear of the Italian, as Miller snatched third from Rins on the penultimate lap.

Vinales' chances were ruined by a poor start while Zarco, Morbidelli and Mir tangled on the opening lap - leaving both the Petronas Yamaha and Suzuki on the ground.


Jorge Lorenzo was again absent after fractures to his vertebrae at Assen and replaced by HRC test and wild-card rider Bradl, while Suzuki test rider Guintoli had his latest wild-card entry.

An official test will be held at Brno on Monday.Marquez romps to his tenth successive Sachsenring win, outbraking his rivals into turn one and easing away into the distance.

The Repsol Honda star now heads for the MotoGP summer break with a 58-point title lead.


Vinales and Crutchlow complete the podium in Germany, after Rins falls from a safe second place.


Quartararo, who suffered a 'very small partial dislocation of his left shoulder' while saving a big tank-slapper on Saturday morning, crashed for the first time in a MotoGP race.

Jorge Lorenzo was absent after fractures to his vertebrae last weekend at Assen and was replaced by HRC test and wild-card rider Bradl.


LCR riders Nakagami and Crutchlow were both carrying leg injuries, the Japanese fighting intense pain after being taken down by Rossi at  Assen and the Englishman from a bicycle accident.

Crutchlow's podium is his first since Qatar.


Bagnaia, who missed FP2 after a big Friday morning fall, returned to action on Saturday morning.